TIPS:
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1- If you want that HM NIS Edit be the default editor for NSIS files press the F11 key for open
   the configuration window and press the button located at the bottom of the window. Also you 
   can do this by passing the /RADE option to the command line.

2- For avoid the default edit window appears when HM NIS Edit is opened: pass /nde to the command line.

3- You can drag a file icon from the explorer to the HM NIS Edit window to open the file.

4- Thanks to the SynEdit exporters you can export the script text to HTML or RTF files format by
   selecting the "Save as..." item in the "File" menu and selecting the format in the
   "Save file as type:" Combo Box.

5- If you want to avoid a usage command hint appears when the mouse is moved over the script
   text: Press the F11 key for open the configuration window, select Editor|Options tab and
   uncheck the "Show command usage hint" option. Then the usage command hint will be show only 
   if you press the Control key.

6- You can change the default sections in the Wizard: in the language file you are using
   locate the DefaultWizardSections value and add the names of the sections separates by a
   semicolon. Example: DefaultWizardSections=Main Section;Section two;Section tree

7- If a error or warning occurs while script compilation, you can double click the line in the
   Log Box and then the file where the error or warning occurs will be opened and the line
   highlighted. For example if the compiler do the next output:

        MakeNSIS v2.0b3 - Copyright 1999-2003 Nullsoft, Inc.
          . . .
          . . .
        !include: "D:\Prueva\Untitled 02.nsh"
        Invalid command: !wbarning
        !include: error in script: "D:\Prueva\Untitled 02.nsh" on line 9
        Error in script "D:\Prueva\PRUEVAAA.nsi" on line 6 -- aborting creation process

   then if at the Log Box you double click the line "!include: error in script..."  the file
   D:\Prueva\Untitled 02.nsh will be opened and the line 9 highlighted, or if you double click
   the line "Error in script..." the file D:\Prueva\PRUEVAAA.nsi will be opened and the line 6
   highlighted.
   
8- You can open an include file into the editor by double clicking the line where the 
   !include directive is located.
   
9- For open InstallOptions pages in text mode by default: Press the F11 key for open the 
   configuration window and uncheck then "Open .ini file in design mode" option. Also you 
   can change between design mode and text mode by pressing the F12 key.
   
10- Now you can create plugins for add more wizards or functionality. To learn how to create
    plugins see the example plugins located at the $INSTDIR\Plugins\ExDll directory,
    Delphi and C examples are available.